yunfei
What do you want?
I saved you that night
I worked for him that night
But accidentally met you who were injured
You leave me a jade pendant
Later, he took a fancy to it and wanted to leave.
And grandma's 70th birthday party
I was going to tell you
But he told me he was pregnant with your child
I didn't say
But you have to believe that I saved you that night
And his child is not yours
Nonsense, it was me that night
The baby in your belly is salty
Stop deceiving him.
Song Jixue
Then do you want to take a look at this voltage report?
Talk again
Appraisal reports can also create
Who knows if you faked it?
Somebody throw this Naughty Sword out to me
I'll see who dares to touch him
Because you're finally back.
During the time you were gone
I've been looking for you for a long time
You and I know it was you that night
Because only you
It's that fatal attraction to me
His child is not mine
I didn't touch him.